Odesílate: Hockx-Yu, Helen [Helen.Hockx-Yu@bl.uk]
Odesláno: 6. prosince 2011 13:12
Komu: Coufal Libor; Crawford, Lewis
Kopie: Coram, Roger
Předmět: RE: migrating to WARC

Hi Libor,

 

Sadly Lewis has left the web archiving team and moved on to a role bigger and better J. He is now manager of the architecture group.

 

We ran a project in 2009-2010 enable ingest of archived websites into the Library’s Digital Library System (DLS), which included migrating data we had collected to WARCs.  We had at the time content captured by 2 different systems, PANDAS and WCT.  The data collected by the PANDAS system has already been migrated to ARC, which is the format WCT uses. For PANDAS data, the migration to WARC is carried out from the original PANDAS format, instead of the migrated ARCs. This required the development of separate migration tool and processes for two  different sets of data. The project started with the development and testing of the content migration tools for producing WARC objects and SIPs. At a later stage of the project, the tools were used to produce and deliver SIPs. We successfully migrated the Library’s web archive content collected between 2004 and January 2010 (to WARCs) and developed the capability of repackaging data based on the SIP profile. In total the project generated 58,172 WARCs containing 150,527,559 objects. The WARC containers form part of the SIPs which also include metadata, log files and Heritrix configuration files. There was a small percentage of instances which could not be migrated due to inconsistency between files on disk and records in the system.

 

We now write to WARCs directly so no longer need to carry out any migration as part of the workflow.

 

Unfortunately we have not published on this work. The only thing available is on the metadata profile: http://www.ifs.tuwien.ac.at/dp/ipres2010/papers/enders-70.pdf.

 

If you have additional question please let us know. Roger will be able to answer detailed questions related to the processes.

 

Regards,

Helen
